okay in this video I'm going to do some
benchmarks on the Nexus 7 tablet running
jellybean so let's get to it
so I have a folder here with some
benchmarking apps actually four of them
and in this video we're just going to do
two of them and in the next video we'll
do the other two so let's start with
smart bench 2012 so let's run the
benchmark here hit run smart bench and
it's calculating pi and we get some
graphics here
and we're going down a corridor
and it's executing string tests
now i get some fish this time chased by
a shark
the benchmark is complete and let's
display the index scores here and it
looks like my device is on the top of
the heap up here now I don't know if you
can read it but I'll read it to you it
says your device the nexus 7 clock dead
one point three gigahertz per core
running android 4.1 point one which is
the stock rom it scored 3844 in the
productivity index and 2598 in the
gaming index so how does this device
stack up to your android device all you
need to do is download smart bench 2012
from google play run the benchmark
yourself and see how your device stacks
up to the nexus 7 okay the next one
we're going to do is Lin pack so we're
going to run two tests a single thread
test and a multi thread test so let's
start with a single thread test and
generally these are pretty quick it has
40 6.86 mega flops in one point seven
nine seconds with a precision of 2.2 too
let's try the multithread test and we
got 95.3 46 mega flops in one point
seven seven seconds and the precision
was inconsistent so those are a couple
of benchmarking apps on the Nexus 7
tablet now I've benchmarked every
Android device I've ever owned so if
you're interested in how the previous
devices that I've had performed with
these benchmarks just check out
benchmarks on my channel and again if
you want to know how this device stacks
up to your device all you have to do is
go to google play download the app run
the benchmark and compare it to this
device so that pretty much does it for
this video if you have any questions or
comments please post them down below if
you like what you see please subscribe
and as always if you want to help out my
channel give me a thumbs up
or favorite this video so thanks so much
for watching and I'll see you guys next
time